[No QA] Update AI Agent help docs (#95235)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/ai-agents/AI-Agent-Triggers.md

---
title: Agent Trigger Reference
description: Every event your Agent can react to, with ready-to-copy instruction phrases for your agent's prompt.
keywords: [Custom Agent, Agent, agent triggers, report_activity, agent instructions, expense report events, workspace automation, when to trigger agent, report submitted, report approved, Expensify automation]
internalScope: Audience is workspace admins configuring Agents. Covers all expose-level report_activity events. Does not cover chat message triggers or report-received triggers.
---

An Agent reacts to expense report events when its instructions match what happened. This reference lists every event your agent can respond to, along with example phrases you can paste directly into your prompt.

# Agent Trigger Reference

---
## How to write instructions for submission and approval events

> **A user submitted an expense report to their approver for review.**

Reviewer: Same kind of comment here. Is this an example trigger? I don't really understand what this means.

Reviewer 2: It's the trigger.

- When a member loses access to a connected company card

---

## How to write instructions for workspace budget change events

**A workspace admin created a new spending budget.**

Example phrases for your agent's instructions:
- When a workspace budget is created
- When a new spending limit is added to the workspace

**A workspace admin deleted a spending budget.**

Example phrases for your agent's instructions:
- When a workspace budget is removed
- When a spending limit is deleted

**A workspace admin modified an existing spending budget.**

Example phrases for your agent's instructions:
- When a workspace budget is modified
- When a spending limit is adjusted

**A workspace member's individual spending has reached a configured budget threshold.**

Example phrases for your agent's instructions:
- When an individual employee hits their spending budget
- When a budget alert fires for a specific person

**Spending across a group of employees has reached a configured shared budget threshold.**

Example phrases for your agent's instructions:
- When the team or department budget threshold is reached
- When a shared spending limit alert fires

---

> *This reference covers all 116 events your Agent can react to.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*This reference covers all 116 events AI Agents can react to.*
```
